Added additional information to reward points pages (#1669)
magento/merchdocs: src/customers/account-dashboard-reward-points.md

All actions related to reward points are displayed in the **Reward Points History** block.

## Using the reward points during the checkout

A customer can use reward points during the checkout, if [Reward Exchange Rate]({% link marketing/reward-exchange-rates.md %}) with `Points to Currency` direction is configured.
To use reward points during order placement do the following:

1. After adding all needed products into shopping cart, navigate to checkout.

1. Fill in all required shipping information and navigate to `Review & Payments` step.

1. In the **Reward points** section check the amount of available points and how much it is in currency.

1. Click <span class="btn">Use reward points</span>.

![]({% link customers/assets/reward-points-on-checkout.png %}){: .zoom}
_Reward Points on checkout_

The available points discount was applied to subtotal.

{:.bs-callout-info}

> If the available balance is greater than the order grand total, no additional payment methods is required.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the available balance is greater than the order grand total, an additional payment method is not required.
```
